README.md, before:

Malaria App for Android
====

This is the repo for the Android version of Malaria App. 

> #### Malaria App README Repo: [malaria-app-readme](https://github.com/PeaceCorps/malaria-app-readme)

> Please use Malaria App README for discussions, decision making, and feedback about project goals and features so that the user experience **across platforms** is uniform.

> **Please keep all discussion regarding features that will be cross-platform on that repository, and code-specific discussion on this one.**




## Application Description

Peace Corps is looking to build a mobile app that will aid the Volunteer in sustaining life-saving malaria prevention tactics over their 2+ years of service. Prevention is focused on sustained use of preventive medications, which are taken either daily or weekly, depending on the medicine. The application will feature a reminder system; an ability to indicate that medication was taken on time or missed; the ability for the volunteer to track their usage history; a trip indicator to help remind volunteers to pack certain supplies to prevent malaria if they leave their home village; and an Info Hub that will provide accurate information about Malaria and the medications they are taking. 

Included in this repository are Adobe Illustrator (.ai), and Adobe PDF (.pdf) files that were created by University of Michigan design students to meet the requirements listed above. These resources are intended to be the building blocks of iOS and Android applications.

Also included in this repository for reference and background are two recent studies conducted by the CDC pertaining to use of preventative tactics by volunteers and their reasons for compliance or non-compliance with taking their medicine. 
<h2>Asset Information</h2>
Included in this repository are files to help you get started:
<ul>
<li>Mock Up Version 8 (the latest mock up file) is included in pdf, png, and in the original Adobe Illustrator format.</li>
<li>A research folder containing a map of Malaria Prevalence, and additional information about Malaria from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.</li>
</ul>


## Dependencies
This project uses Jack Wharton's Android-ViewPagerIndicator for the Viewpager Swipe view.
 <a href="https://github.com/chimdi2000/ViewPagerIndicator">Jake Wharton ViewPager Indicator project dependecy</a>

<h4> <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B6cRm7QFaag1dUMxVU5qQ0dnXzA"> Download Current Malaria APK File here </a> </h4>

<h3>Contact Information:</h3>


Patrick Choquette

Director of the Office of Innovation

pchoquette@peacecorps.gov


Matthew McAllister

Special Assistant in the Office of Innovation

mmcallister@peacecorps.gov

Commit message:

Guidelines for contributors
Updated README.md by adding general guidelines to be followed while making contributions to malaria-app-android.

README.md, after:

Malaria App for Android
====

This is the repo for the Android version of Malaria App. 

> #### Malaria App README Repo: [malaria-app-readme](https://github.com/PeaceCorps/malaria-app-readme)

> Please use Malaria App README for discussions, decision making, and feedback about project goals and features so that the user experience **across platforms** is uniform.

> **Please keep all discussion regarding features that will be cross-platform on that repository, and code-specific discussion on this one.**




## Application Description

Peace Corps is looking to build a mobile app that will aid the Volunteer in sustaining life-saving malaria prevention tactics over their 2+ years of service. Prevention is focused on sustained use of preventive medications, which are taken either daily or weekly, depending on the medicine. The application will feature a reminder system; an ability to indicate that medication was taken on time or missed; the ability for the volunteer to track their usage history; a trip indicator to help remind volunteers to pack certain supplies to prevent malaria if they leave their home village; and an Info Hub that will provide accurate information about Malaria and the medications they are taking. 

Included in this repository are Adobe Illustrator (.ai), and Adobe PDF (.pdf) files that were created by University of Michigan design students to meet the requirements listed above. These resources are intended to be the building blocks of iOS and Android applications.

Also included in this repository for reference and background are two recent studies conducted by the CDC pertaining to use of preventative tactics by volunteers and their reasons for compliance or non-compliance with taking their medicine. 
<h2>Asset Information</h2>
Included in this repository are files to help you get started:
<ul>
<li>Mock Up Version 8 (the latest mock up file) is included in pdf, png, and in the original Adobe Illustrator format.</li>
<li>A research folder containing a map of Malaria Prevalence, and additional information about Malaria from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.</li>
</ul>


## Dependencies
This project uses Jack Wharton's Android-ViewPagerIndicator for the Viewpager Swipe view.
 <a href="https://github.com/chimdi2000/ViewPagerIndicator">Jake Wharton ViewPager Indicator project dependecy</a>

<h4> <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B6cRm7QFaag1dUMxVU5qQ0dnXzA"> Download Current Malaria APK File here </a> </h4>


## Guidelines for contributors
To contribute to malaria-app-android pick an open issue from the [issue list](https://github.com/systers/malaria-app-android/issues) tagged as "free", claim it in the comments, fix the issue and send us a pull request. 
If you find an issue yourself you can report it, a community member will get back to you and approve the issue. Then you can fix it and submit a PR. Please go through our issue list first and make sure the issues you are reporting do not replicate the issues already reported. If you have multiple issues, report them separately. Do not combine them into a single issue.

### Best Practise
1. Try to do a root cause analysis for the issue, if applicable. 
2. Reference the issue being fixed in the corresponding PR. 
3. Use meaningful commit messages in a PR.
4. Use one commit per task. Do not over commit (add unnecessary commits for a single task) or under commit (merge 2 or more tasks in one commit).
5. Add screenshot/short video in case the changes made in the PR, are being reflected in the UI of the application.
6. Close the issue as soon as the corresponding PR is accepted/closed.

### Some Don'ts
1. Send a PR without an existing issue.
2. Fix an issue assigned to somebody else and submit a PR before the assignee does. 
3. Report issues which are previously reported by others. (Please check both the open and closed issues). 
4. Suggest unnecessary or completely new features in the issue list.
5. Add unnecessary spacing or indentation to the code.


<h3>Contact Information:</h3>


Patrick Choquette

Director of the Office of Innovation

pchoquette@peacecorps.gov


Matthew McAllister

Special Assistant in the Office of Innovation

mmcallister@peacecorps.gov
